In Sakura, a restaurant I used to work at, one can find a very interesting style of cuisine called Teppanyaki. It is a post–World War II style of Japanese cuisine that uses an iron griddle. There are U-shaped tables for 10 guests who sit along 3 of the table's sides facing the griddle in the middle. 

When guests come in, they are welcomed by a hostess, who asks how many they are, and accompanies them to a free table, which she sets as "open". She then turns on the electric griddle, and if the table is not full, she sets a timer for 20 minutes. A server comes soon after and takes an order for drinks. He then serves the drinks, and takes an order for food which he writes down on a standardised paper with a table plan as seen from above. On the plan, there is a square for each guest, where the server writes the guest's desired meal. The server then takes the order to the kitchen, where a cook takes it, prepares all the ingredients needed, and puts them on a cart. He waits. In the meantime, the server prepares a bowl of soup and a salad for each guest (those are pre-made). He takes those to the guests at the table. If the 20 minutes on the timer have not passed yet, and the table is not full, hostesses can add new people to the table. If so, server takes their order and repeats all the steps. When the timer stops, the server and hostesses set the table as "closed" so that no new people can be added. The cook then comes and cooks all the meals on the griddle in front of the guests. It's kind of a show, after which the cook himself serves the meals into guests' plates right from the grill. When the guests are done with their food a grill cleaner comes and cleans the griddle with lemon juice. He must come only after guests are done eating and be quick, especially when the restaurant is busy.

The task is to make a program which all restaurant employees can use and communicate the whole process to be more precise and efficient. The program will include different versions of interface for different types of employees.